https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUjCSdYJi0M&t=69s
https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1UW4y1d7PE?p=13&vd_source=d02f7fbafe51d252aa68c8b37c1b048e

00: 00 - 00:18
Recently I've noticed how insane the social media game is nowadays. people are really out here getting millions of likes for taking a mere selfies. So the other day after l spent hours scrolling through Instagram. indulging in the unrealistic modern day beauty standards created by influencers and celebrities. I had an idea.

00:38 - 1:14
are you ready to do the ultimate Instagram photoshoot. I told her to act excited about. you might be asking how exactly we even plan to do this.I'm getting a tattoo. this was by no means an essential step. I just wanted to keep this in. because l'm really happy with the way it turned out. make your own movie. The actual plan consisted of finding a location to do the photoshoot. I don't know how you're gonna feel about this red up.

1:15 - 1:53
I think we found a place, the place that really stands out to us is this place called the Painted hill. honestly it doesn't even look like this planet. it honestly looks like Mars. yeah it literally does, and of course we couldn't forget the most important part of everything. how do l look, gorgeous, me and Greta are currently at a thrift store looking for some cute outfits for our photoshoot. I found a clip on tie to go with it. we spent about an hour trying on things and testing out new styles. only to end up getting this one single item.

1:53 - 2:22
we may or may not have just made the best investment of our life. and we're gonna be using it quite a lot in the future. the Painted Hills was actually two hours away. so it was a bit of a road trip to get there. Greta's driving was definitely a little questionable at times.

2:25 - 2:46
are we gonna have enough gas to get back. this is me and Greta's favorite song of all time together. they're gonna demonetize you. | don't give a fuck. but between the pretty views and our music we were able to make the most out of the drive.

2:58 - 3:15(跳过)
and before we knew it we were at the Painted Hills.

3:30 - 4:12
unfortunately before we could even get a single picture. this managed to happen. I hate my life. let me try to explain what led us to this point. so immediately there is a problem. right away we literally just got here. Basically there was supposed to be bathrooms here. and we both really have to pee. and there's no bathrooms. even though this itself was only a small problem. it leads into a way bigger one after l decided to go pee behind a tree. Natalie returning from her nature pee. she's one with the wild.

4:20 - 4:50
so yeah this was a very devastating moment for me. considering l was trying to take cute pictures in this outfit. I just didn't realize that there was mud all right there. and l was going like this because like, the mud was like sinking me in. l was going in. and my shoes hit the back of my pants.
and to make matters worse. when we were leaving, we ended up realizing there actually was a bathroom the whole time.

4:53 - 5:37
as we're leaving. the trauma that l've been through today. anyways the mud may have ruined my shoes and my pants. but we weren't gonna let that ruin the photo shoot. what if you still right over there. and l can get the sun coming up from behind the hill. that's kind of cool how the sun's like peeking up. but it's pretty bright still. But of course, just when we thought the problems were over. the lighting is really weird right now. like the hills, one part is really shaded. and then one part is like bright.
this part is perfectly exposed right here. but this part is too dark. the lighting is not on our side as you can tell.

5:41 - 5:48
5:55 - 6:00
6:12 - 6:46
this is the moment. this entire video has led up to the pictures. going through all the pictures was funny at first. then we started to realize how terrible they actually all were. guys l'm starting to lose hope. all right just keep going, persevere honey. but in a way l think, us trying to get the best Instagram photo almost kind of symbolizes the unrealistic expectations。 social media puts on us to be perfect (有点难)

6:49 - 7:22
the funny part is that I actually decided to post one of the photos on my Instagram. and people seem to really like it without having any idea. what the reality of everything actually was,
so yeah if anything I just hope our little Instagram photoshoot was able to show some people that although likes and validation might feel good in the moment. the moments and memories behind a photo mean a lot more.

7:33 - 7:40(这里)
our photos definitely aren't the best. but they mean something to us. and l think that's what matters in the big picture.

7:45 - 8:25
okay so it's that time of the video where l have to be annoying and promote my Patreon. try to ignore how fucking rough l look right now. but basically I have a Patreon for those of you who don't know. it's a monthly subscription thing that really helps support this channel. because l don't make money directly off my videos. because of copyright issues.（这里） we've been over this we know this. obviously it's not necessary to help support this. I appreciate people just like watching my videos in the first place. but for the people that do maybe want to take the extra step. I do post a bunch of exclusive content over there. I do monthly like Polaroid things where l send out Polaroids to people every month. I do a monthly podcast. I do bloopers and behind the scenes to these videos.

8:25 - 9:02
um l also have like playlist with the music that l use in my videos. and obviously it's just a really cool way for me to be able to connect with people. on a more one on one like personal level. we also have like a discord over there. I don't think l said that. and this all just really helps out. Because I'm trying to save it for a van to do Van life and everything. during the summer and fall. but that means the Van Life videos will not be for kind of a while honestly. so l'll probably be posting lifetime updates about Van Life. and the Van Life series and getting a van over on Patreon. the actual videos on YouTube though, will probably be taking forever. but yeah | know these promotions are very annoying, but if you did make it to this point thank you so much.

9:02 - 9:24
and also sorry this video was like kind of a little bit more laid back than l wanted it to be. it was just fun to film and fun to make. and l think that's what should matter. even if it didn't like turn out, the best video l've ever made or something. also thank you to the people who are already a part of the Patreon. you guys will see their names and the end credits of this in a second when l decide to shut the fuck up because l'm being very annoying.
